e
e e
[Music]
ConEd behind
Impressions I go
youling easy like clo Prince and
time you are who you say you are each
Str is
yours cascading thoughts
ands chasing
[Music]
down I'll never s song like my father
before me S that hook looking up stor so
play out when I'm tired of everything I
don't want to see the spring are you
even listening you want to live on a f
anymore the prous keys breaking down
Cathedral doors I'm still
y
now hopes and dreams more just a s
all the pages in
aing
story not Define
[Music]
youh p
song about life
[Music]
shut the [__] up until I'm done
TW lay it the line when you're done
[Music]
reaching my
own every
for I am so
bleeding I am so bleeding oh
ignoring every word I speak each
sentence formed by fibers they think
that I'm a
freak when will this
[Music]
nightmare when can I hear my voice
tears tear
[Music]
I want
toal now on
the face
[Music]
I'm sing that like my
father that hook looking up when storm
is St when I'm tired of everything I
want to see theing are you even
listening want to live
on the breaking
[Music]
down face
I met magey over last night she said
Roar ex it's true love at first sight
throughout my Cy bra now I'm headass I'm
still 20% so get your head out your ass
I'm of the internet still cleaning up
the viruses that you would I think I'm
falling in love again don't stop don't
stop until you hear the me internet of
the internet been fighting on new over
[Applause]
[Music]
col fly don't you think it's cringe
because it's not your
life she said do you like waffles I said
hell yeah been watching until 2 a.m. I
ain't got no iPhone but I got a DS with
a keychain of Pinky her cupcakes are the
best I've beening my glasses cuz I don't
give a damn it's the world is my oyster
but thee Market a scam everything's been
changing since
last and they won try to
[Music]
CH the
all the internet so cleaning up the
viruses that you would love I think I'm
falling in love
again St St
until
the fighting on new over if my love is
valid the the col fly don't you think
it's because it's not your
it's never too late to fall in love with
the world your p is not today so with a
yeah we've all made mistakes before
that's of life but once you your heart
you'll be just fine now it's your life
you say it's all
mine all
mineing your friends and homies let your
speak when a drift is some [__] just
block that internet free
[Music]
I'm the of the inter clean the viruses
you I think I'm falling in love again
don't stop don't stop until
you fting on over my
is the S and let the colors Fly Don't
okay you think it's cring because it's
not
[Music]
your I'm GNA die
apparently what
okay things are
normal hello everyone good
morning um you can hear the sound of my
voice CLI once can sound my voice clip
toys sorry my roommates being very loud
don't mind them if it gets to be too
loud I could just turn my mic down
can camera I guess what about that hi
see these are cable
ties I'm just I just like wearing cable
ties just wear cable ties hello
hey
everyone I forgot how to
stream
um cable ties are comfy actually
like I don't know it's cuz you can make
them whatever size you want and they're
like little they're like hugs they're
like hugs for your
hubs and then and then if you want to
make noise with them you
can you can do that I
guess
um yeah hi I'm boring
okay just good morning I I really don't
even know how to talk I'm gonna put this
chat over here and I'm gonna put OBS the
next to it so I can
there we
go okay
um okay I think the stream is z
hello can hear me you can see me you
could hear the sound of my
hops I made that
noise hope be like that actually you
want to learn how to make that noise you
got to make you got to make a shape like
this with your
hand so it's like that and then take
your hand go and you can
go the the sound of a
hoof the sound of a you can do it you
can do it yourself now and now you can
tell
everyone how your hubs
are it's so good it's it's really great
skill to have now you know how to be hes
have
hubs
um I'm just reading the chat right
now everyone's making H sounds they
can't type when
they're they can't they can't type when
they're making H
sounds it's a stem for me too I do this
I do this thing where
I do that a little bit and then I bang
on a table and then I just go like hello
hello wait Bonnie
what hello there we go see Bonnie knows
the draw I do this all the
time it's a very great
little it's very great little thing is
it's like a little
horse rolling up to your door banging on
you bang on your door be like can I come
in you're like ah no don't eat my
furniture and it's like ah [__] why
would you do that that's so
weird ah don't eat my house what the
hell you know it's like that that's what
that that's what that
means it's violent
Huff uh Scout says he's going to bite
you okay biting all right Bonnie is
biting um what do I even say I have
mango
jues anyal any almost going with the
Arizona
been the things for me for all the time
since for a very long
time love mango juice love Arizona I
have a mushroom
pondering my mushroom
don't the joke's gone but you know
here's the
mushroom um you can hold it like this
you could change the color
potentially oh this is this is the now
it's now it's Joi it's the Joi light
it's the Jo Jo light Joi
room do you have the color switcher for
the lights yeah can you change it
red can you change it red
please there we go we're in the we're in
the Joi room now and so you add these
red lights up
here with the we're just in Hell
actually we're actually just in Hell
believe it or
not really excited about that Prospect
of being in hell and
such um it's the Joi shroom
um what switches do I
use that could mean so many different
things we'll need to
clarify what switches you
mean perhaps but yeah we're in the Joi
shom we have the Joi shro in the Joi
room I promise this looks more red in
real life this camera is just like not
that great I got it for like $50 on
Amazon like like two or 3 years
ago just it's whatever light switches
they're just
like lights oh your keyboard oh I'm
sorry I have Browns in here right now um
I want to get different switches for
this keyboard but I'm not doing it right
now cuz um bananas are a switch actually
SC I don't know if you know that but
there are banana switches Dennis um but
I want to cuz like the these are just
the these are just the stock ones that
came with the board and I'm going to
probably switch them out
eventually um can I change it from room
you can change it from Joi room now the
bit the bit's over
um but um yeah I have gator Gator on
Brown switches in here which is not that
great and you can hear there's a little
bit of spring ping in there um and I'm
not going to like with them cuz they're
they're just Browns so what I'm probably
going to do is I'm going to get betterer
betterer better uh tactile switches for
this sport eventually and then swap them
out for the uninitiated out there uh
this keyboard you can this is the hot
swap keyboard so I can change the
switches out whenever I feel like
um but I've been working with this
keyboard a lot and the sound's a lot
better than when I first got
it but
um yeah I'm I'm I'm really bad I'm
really bad into Browns are good for
rhythm games I I feel like I feel like
there's some like you could get any
other tactile switch
better than Browns for like Rhythm games
like I feel like it doesn't have to be
you know but
um and also when I was working with this
keyboard I I don't don't have any spare
pin or I don't have any spare switches
so I bent the pins on this key and I
can't use this key right now because
when I was putting it back in I [__]
up the the pins and I don't have any
extra switches which is why I need to
buy some new switches anyway
um
but uh if I could choose anything to to
put in here um I would even be
comfortable switching
from the uh I would be I would be
switching from the gator on Brown is
probably a movie
too you know what the problem is is I
know mostly linear switches and I don't
want linear switches in this keyboard I
want to do a different keyboard where I
got linear switches in there
um trying to
think cuz there are a lot of good
tactile
switches but I'm not quite sure I've
been getting way too deep into this St I
have an iqx board coming sometime this
week that I'm going to work on those
have Browns too but I'm going to
hopefully get those ones out for linear
switches as well I was I should have
gone with the
TTC everyone press your favorite
keyboard button right now
there
um I don't know what are there for
uh for linear for not for linear
switches for tactile
switches cuz the Browns are very common
but they're not the best probably like
bulas actually that's really funny I'd
probably go with the u4t Boba for for
this board if I had a choice that if I
could get
some Browns have a little bit too much
push back for me yeah no these these
have a little bit too much tactile bump
to them so it's not too not like I'm not
super attached to these at all but the
rest of the board um someone asked
earlier uh this this keyboard is with
the base set of it is the Kyron q1 which
came out this year um and I think that
the the the biggest achievement for me
was this is a full like aluminum board
and it's really Hollow but despite that
I got it
to reduce that metallic
sound is a lot better than it used it
sound it was a lot pinkier before cuz
the q1 is is very very
pingy but I got it I got it to not and
one of the things I did was I have um
some cotton squares and I basically
arranged the cotton squares the cotton
squares like fit in the board perfectly
and then I taped over them so they would
stay together so I made like a little
cotton Square sheet to go
inside um another thing I did was I
added three layers of
um I added I added three layers of
fabric tape to where the top case and
the bottom case connect wherever there
weren't screws going
and that helped re reduce a lot of the
reverberation as well I did tape the
back of the PCV with three layers of
masking tape as well I actually think
that made it sound really good
personally um what I've come to learn is
that the adding tape to the PCV um
doesn't always make it sound good it
just depends on what the initial like
sound profile of the board
is huh want tea do I want tea bub te
bubble tea
uh it feels so late right now but it's
really not I yes yes please I could send
you for it
later yeah same yeah yes please yes
please yes
please we're getting we're getting
bubble taste yeah I want or I think you
want ear gray can you ask chat chat
we're getting bubble tea Bonnie wants to
get either or oong what are we going
with it's not it's not as prone to short
circuiting because this isn't a wireless
board and it's not like you know it's
not it's not too
crazy mail you some keys you could put
them in your
mouth everyone's saying oong because
they know what best
yeah
every everyone's saying oong
yeah literally everyone's saying
oong
yeah yeah yeah yeah the heck isn't
um
huh why are you
blind you want to make sure you have the
right one selected and not just
TT okay
but speaking of Bubba yeah there are
there are there are things called Bubba
switches pear finding the
pearls make it two
mind a little bit over
here I don't
know I say just go with the angel ones
because I don't know what the [__] the
rest of these are
[Music]
I'm pretty sure it's just like the same
thing
here you
go okay so that's
mdal so that's a thing
um do we need do we need the do we need
this do we need this um I'm just going
to put this
away they get
rice want
aren they the same I
don't I don't know I want
[Music]
the whatever the ones you
okay yes we need the mush it takes up
space
what the [__] it's blue stop
it what is the bright what is the most
annoying
one okay anyway um got that sorted out I
still got my [__] Arizona te
um you're I I'm getting really addicted
to keyboards though so unfortunately or
fortunately depending on who you are um
you're going to see more more keyboard
content again like I said I have a iix
board coming in that I want to try and
get to be really
great
but I don't know when it when it's
coming because it the all these things
always ship from
China
so it's like the shipping time's always
like obscenely long because they don't
like expedite and anything um and here's
the other thing so again I don't know
how many how many people in here are
familiar with like Enthusiast keyboard
[__] but
um a lot of times if you're not doing
kits like this thing um you got to to
get parts from everywhere coming on in
and make sure everything's compatible
the right size the right connectivity
and everything um
and I think the hardest part about
keyboards is actually
not um like the hard stuff like actually
putting it together I think the
difficult thing is being patient because
from what I've learned if you want to
have a keyboard that looks really good
you have to wait an obscenely long long
time for
key cap stuff
so these are key caps that go right on
top of the switches they're the actual
key part of of a
keyboard and
um I I learned this the Hardway I I
recently got into a group buy for some
really cool key caps that I liked um
paid everything everything went through
and then I realized that the group byy
will I'll probably get the key caps that
I just paid for in about half a
year so um I'm kind of sad about
that because I did not realize how long
group bu takes but basically everyone
pledges a certain amount to a key cap
set or whatever and then the manufacture
and designers are like okay cool we're
going to do it now we're going to
produce it and then send it to and make
some notes to the to the manufacturer
and send it back and forth and and and
make sure everything's good and the
whole process between that um the
organization and the actual product
production and shipping of key caps
um it can take anywhere from a few
months to a couple of years to get your
[__] like like a key cap set um where I
ordered from I don't think it's going to
take as long
as a year or two but I have seen some
keyop sets go on Group by and it's
like you'll have them like okay Group by
just ended this will now ship out
quarter 3 2023 it's like what the
hell that's
insane so for anyone planning to get
into keyboards please when you're when
you're planning to if you want to go
into group buy stuff make sure that you
know what you're getting into and what
the wait times
are because um luckily all this stuff
did not take that long I think from
ordering it to getting it to modifying
it and putting everything together this
took from
about I would say October to a couple of
weeks ago I've had this keyboard stock
since um since October but I've been
working on it on and off since
then
um yeah and yeah pandemic delays as well
it's crazy it's crazy on ortholinear
keyboards okay you know what's funny I
had a dream that someone I
know last night I had a dream that
someone I know used an ortholinear
keyword like what the
hell
um um but my thoughts on it are if you
can make it work then that's great I I
will never be able to use an ortholinear
keyboard at
all not at all what keyboard keyboard
you have like the actual keyboard piano
this is the Novation sl3 Mark SL 49 Mark
3 I'll just type it in here
um wait
49 that's the keyboard I have I such a
weird name but
yeah is this the piano keyboard or the
keyboard computer one the I'm talking
about the typing one the one I just put
in chat is the music one being a
musician and someone who's into
computers and computer peripherals it's
just like everything's a keyboard just
like this is a keypad this is a keyboard
This is a keyboard this thing over here
is a keyboard like it's insane
everything everything's a keyboard like
we actually have to clarify this
stuff but yeah um keyron
q1
cool stuff
um the keyong q1 is really cool it's
just really pingy if you don't mod it
and I did mod it so it's okay but a
mouse can be a keyboard you've seen the
key the keypad oh my social security
number there hope you like it that's my
Social Security that's somebody's social
security
number I'm GNA remove
that
um
um uh anyway um Keyon q1 is pretty cool
but get very pingy if you don't mod it
so um if you plan to get a really Hollow
aluminum case if you're doing a keyboard
you're going to have to be ready to do
some
[__] to
it describe your street using only a
picture of it describe your your address
using only a picture of your address
here the the three the three numbers in
the back of my credit card are
420 so just
saying I'm here to listen by chat you're
the smartest of them to be
honest move to a num padless keyboard
you're talking about 10 keyless is what
we in the swag describe
it um and you honestly I love the number
pad so much but um cuz I can go so
[__] fast with it from all the
[__] math I did in high school but
um being without it is not the biggest
sadness in the world it gives me a lot
more space
to you know
show us his little badass numbers on
your card I think I
will I'm going to do a credit card
reveal saying swag
Comming and yeah you can do uh an
external number pad and the cool thing
is if you prefer your number pad on the
left side you don't have to do anything
crazy to make that happen you just get a
custom number pad put it on the left
side or the right side or
wherever um this this this keyboard's so
75% 75% are
um 75% keyboards are being a little
popular right now but in reality I think
I can probably ditch the frro soon I
think I'm ready to ditch the frro really
soon so I might try and uh go for
65% you know keep my eror keys cuz I
need my errow keys for music purposes
but
um I think I could just chop off the EA
and I'll like just have so much more
space and by so much more space I mean
like an inch and a
half actual question what do you suggest
to beginner electronic musicians as in
Hardware okay to be honest to be
completely honest with you this is a
completely new development in my opinion
but the new Launchpad this is the one
that came out either last year or this
year or something the new
Launchpad is is really good it's really
good especially for it's super compact
it's super light um we got USBC thank
god um a lot of functionality on on this
thing um for people who know how to play
piano this thing is actually great for
people who don't know how to play piano
this thing is actually great and the
best thing is out of all the hardware in
the world this thing is a lot more
affordable than the most than most other
[__]
um uh you don't need to make me CU I
I've believe me I've gone through so
much [__] and like tested things and saw
how it would work in my workflow I was
like this would work this wouldn't work
that's too many features those are two
little features the Launchpad is
like right at the proper spot of not too
little features and not too many
features because I think if you're
familiar with music hard where you know
of things like the the um the push to
for
Ableton great great device too many
features a little overwhelming and you
really don't need that much [__] at all
um as someone who's been making music
for oh God how old am I I have to do
this math for a second for I've been
making music for about 14 to 15 years
and this is this
thing is one of the most convenient
Little Things
ever um CU you can learn how to you know
if you play piano you can learn how to
play piano on this too if you don't know
how to play piano there is a lot of
chord options there's a lot of [__]
note options um the the way you can
program [__] on here to have custom
modes is so [__] easy you can turn
this thing into just the your your you
could
just pretend this keyboard's not here
just just set it make it your
centerpiece if you're a new musician you
can just make this whole thing your
centerpiece and it's so [__] good um
it feels satisfying to use I have the
old Launchpad down below my desk this
thing is a million times better than
that it feels a lot better there's
um uh polyphonic after touch which if
you don't know what that means is you
can essentially map how hard you press a
pad after pressing it to a synthesizer
so for example I can press a note and
then once that note is pressed I can
press down more to like open up a filter
filter make it louder make it wobble or
something at this price point this thing
is like what $300 that's less than this
keyboard that's less than this thing
obviously
um [__] for $300 making this be like
a centerpiece of your
studio um as a beginning
musici you you really can't go wrong um
that is to say this most most assumes
that you are doing midi stuff a lot so
if you're doing like midi composition
like like I do then Launchpad so good
and what what I really like to do
is I like to get a really long USBC
cable and just like sit back in my chair
and just kind of have this like leaning
up against me and I'm like I'm laying
back right now a little bit and it's so
light and and so portable that I can
just lay back and play music music on
the Launchpad while I'm just like kind
of chilling like it's not a big
deal and there's plenty of controls on
there for you to work with your dot
without even touching your keyboard or
Mouse oh yeah sorry hold on I can change
up my microphone a little bit but yeah
for beginning Hardware if you're doing
midi composition and stuff like I do
launch the new Launchpad is just awesome
it's really great um a lot of the stuff
on F Whisperer the album that I'm
working on right now I've written using
the
Launchpad just like laying back in my
chair really chill like I'm just like
writing music and it's just it's really
relaxing so yeah nothing but love for
the lunch pad great for beginners and
and experts so
like make your mic peek yeah I can do
that I I could turn up my mic even
louder it's not even on the loudest gain
right now
but I could do that I could I could
destroy everyone's ears right
now it's the Launchpad Mark 3 so it's
just the newest
version hey someone requested it someone
requested I I make I Peak my microphone
so
change your legal name because of
melin's whoa oh my
God can opener is a bit of a quiet Pony
all their song titles are in small caps
yes that's true all the song titles in
fish whisper are are in all AR in are in
a lower case because it's fish whisper
not fish
Yeller except for angelfish which is in
all caps cuz that in that song you're
screaming and fish were screaming a
little bit what's your favorite radio
head album I have to say Okay computer I
I I could be in like potentially
inclined to say kid a but um Okay
computer is the one I grew up with um
here here's some extra lore for you I
think radio head's a little
overrated um don't kill
me uh but I like Okay computer um that
almost had a lot of inspiration to me
over the past couple years um and I
think it's it's really funny for for
someone like me to say that I think
radio head's a little bit overrated
because I also like Muse which they kind
of just like ripped off radio head and a
lot of their earlier albums and I think
that's really funny that it's like ah
radio head's overrated but then I like
Muse but it's like I'm self-aware it's
no big deal like it's just
music I think the I think radio head's
great it's just people kind of like
tunnel vision and then just like they
judge everything based off of this like
one Holy Grail album and it's like you
can just like enjoy music to enjoy music
I think it kind of sucks do I like car
seat headrest I've listened to I've
listened to their music a little bit I'm
not like the biggest fan either um no
favorite songs couldn't name any of them
but I have listened to a couple of their
their projects it's okay it's not it's
definitely not for me but I can
understand what makes what makes them so
appealing to
people Bonnie is playing League of
Legends so that's why they're being
violent right
now what's my favorite panic at the
disco
song uh right Sins Not
Tragedies
um oh but this year has had some so much
good so much good
music this year's had so much good
music I've been um I've just been
listening to nothing but like fishmonger
fearmonger and
Frailty and also nurture but honestly
nurture I haven't been listening to as
much as the underscores
albums are are there any songs albums of
yours that were received well despite
you feeling like there is a lot of room
for improvement I think people praise
like a lot of my older albums really
well for no reason cuz they're really
bad I'm not ashamed of it it's like I
was just having fun and I was still
really young when I was making a lot of
my earlier albums um people really like
love letters it's not that good the
first one's not that good people really
like uh super Pony world 2016 I'm
nostalgic for it but it's not that good
it's not really that good um
um and then and then I feel people then
don't like my favorite stuff from my
older era of
Music um I don't know it's
complicated um almost dead I what I what
I figured is that a lot of people really
are never going to see my music the way
that I I'm I think about it and I think
that's just perfectly fine to be
honest um
a lot of my older music I am like really
just I'm really nostalgic for but I
don't really think it's all that
great what's your Crosshair setup in
csgo it's a t-shape it's like
gray I I personally think um Mystic
Acoustics is still like my best album
I'm pretty sure
and then it's like home word and cue
marks are sort of
tied
um I think I I mean I even have I even
like you know stepping back from Kitty
marks see a lot of the issues with cutie
marks as
well
um like a lot of the mixing and
mastering is really inconsistent with QD
marks and like that's fine I expected
that cuz it's like I'm the only one
engineering these songs and all
completely different genres and stuff um
really good at the game I feel really
bad cuz stuff like uh how to kill a
monster just got slashed in terms of the
quality of the
uh in terms of quality of the mixing and
mastering um but cutie marks I'm really
proud of in the compositional aspect and
of the the lyrics and the the vocals and
so I really like cutie
marks there's a lot of questions
is there anything you enjoy in other
music but don't necessarily want to
incorporate yourself that's a good
question and I have no
clue I would have to think on that for a
while I have heard forever Free's cover
of little
dreams thoughts what is your box on the
left
do it's a gr it's a Groove box sampler
funny little guy
[Music]
that's what it
does thought on medle of Visions it's
one of my best songs
ever motivation to lowii hip-hop music
like apathy and stuff because it's fun
it's relaxing it's nice you can get a
little sad little sad little feeling in
there you know you're feeling kind of on
the on the Mellow side you can just make
that music and it's like ah got that out
there a little bit
thoughts on this weird infection I got
in my arm um I think I should destroy
it when will you appear on ponies at
dawn I don't really plan to
ever I don't really plan to ever get
involved with ponies have done
Don
again any need ADV I'm finishing a
song that's complicated because a lot of
times I'll start out with an idea in my
head and once I achieve that idea I'm
like okay it's done um I think for
me stopping yourself from being a
perfectionist do you want a banana no
say yes
yes um stopping yourself from being a
perfection is very
helpful um I'm trying to think about how
you would go about doing that though um
for me whenever I don't really find it
hard to finish songs so much as it's
harder to start them for me so I think
if I think about how I finish songs it's
always like you can always keep adding
stuff you can always keep adding stuff
to a song like there's literally no
limit to how much stuff you can add
except your RAM but um
or your tape if you're going analog or
something but
um you can always keep adding stuff but
what's very interesting about music is
often times when you withhold details
and you withhold elements you know
letting negative space exist in your
music and just that very fact should
imply that you shouldn't you know
overfill everything in your in your song
all the time unless you have a reason to
you know it's all subjective if there's
a rule you can break it it's whatever
but the idea is that
um when you have enough there I feel
like what you should do is you should
just add stuff that you that immediately
comes to your head and if nothing else
is inspiring you to really go at your
song and add more stuff then I think
it's
done you need to look at your right now
is that I don't like
it he's so real
no hold on this chat's going real fast
give me a second how do you get the
lower quality like in the beginning
beginning of typewriter um you mess with
the
kbps like a MP3 quality stuff if I gave
you a check for a billion dollars what
would you do with it I donate
it I don't want to be a
billionaire when will skx be here I
don't know he's not responding to his
messages
ever is okay ask a personal question
about your party lyrics from fish
Whisperer sure
maybe if you ask it and I don't like it
I'm just not going to answer it but if
you ask it and I do want to answer it
then I'll answer it but know
I don't have a Discord I don't really do
servers anymore servers are overwhelming
and hard to figure
out things always happen in them I'm
like the [__] happen here every single
time it's like I don't want to deal with
this
anymore everyone's so loud and everyone
fights all the time I don't want to deal
with
it what what's your favorite genre of
music to see live I personally think EDM
is the best because you can build up so
much if you see anything by po live it's
really
special
um so what interesting is I don't really
tend to see a lot of stuff
live I don't really go to a lot of
concerts anymore I used to um when I did
there were mostly rock
concerts
um I think it depends on what kind of
person you
are I guess I should answer it based on
who I am rather than one siiz foot all
um honestly I think the stuff I would
want to hear the
most live would be like neuro neuro
neuro base German base I think that
sounds like the most fun stuff live
personally possibly more kismi collab
yeah
possibly that'd be fun
I understand how people like My Little
Pony in 2021 by appreciate your music
nonetheless people can like anything
anytime I made a song called typewriter
I bought a typewriter for it it's 2021
we don't need typewriters typewriters
make me happy My Little Pony makes us
happy you know
um just because I don't really want to
I'm not really worried about Co I'm
fully vaccinated I'm always taking
precautions you know places are open
it's not about Co it's not about
opportunities there's plenty of concerts
nearby um I just don't really feel like
compelled to go to concerts that much um
people are so loud and pushy
uh I want to do another essay review
thing like the Hades and yako one um I
have a lot of topics I want to go at it
just depends on which one kind of works
out first I'm going to do all of them
it's just it's just the order in which I
do them
um I mean you know what I'll be honest
with you the next next essay SL review I
want to do I don't know if I'll get to
that one first is about Mr Bean's
Holiday I want to do a video essay on Mr
be holiday I'd really like to do
that here from Silva
Gund appreciate it thank you yeah a lot
of people hear from Silver gun I think
that's really
interesting but I appreciate this it's
great that was so much effort they put
into that
video what are you going to do for the
next few days um oh that's right it's
Christmas I don't
know I don't know I don't really do much
for Christmas ever I haven't done much
for Christmas in
years so I don't
know how de are you into the custom
keyboard Rabbit Hole you're just going
to have to wait and see because it's
going to be very evident on
YouTube um when you're okay so when you
cage like a canary did you feel like
you're a trapped in your head you're
stuck in the place you can leave it's
okay not to answer um the lyric I'm
actually happy to hear a question about
that line because that's probably like
one of my favorite Like lyrics I've ever
written um the lyric goes uh you need
you need the previous line to go with it
as well
um it's
uh you'll you'll learn to cherish
singing when your cage like a canary and
the idea is that you know when a bird
you know a bird in a bird
cage um tends to just tweet the [__] out
like just go insane like like make a lot
of noise and that's like all they really
can do and the idea is that um when
you're when when you find yourself
um when you find
yourself uh how how do I describe this
is really difficult for my brain when
you find yourself like restrained and
when you find yourself like needing to
outlet um caged in like you know
whatever daily life or some sort of
trauma you'll realize that creating
things and and writing things helps you
deal with whatever thing you're trapped
in like
uh if you're going through something
really difficult you know anything at
all and you just start creating
something or writing
something you know it becomes like it
becomes like as second nature as
breathing so the idea is like
um you know that's that's the idea
behind that lyric it's it's Pro it's I'm
not sure if that's exactly where you
were thinking it was going
but blue switch gang uh I have a k95
with Blue switches so what can I say
somewhere I'm pretty sure I'm also
butchering my explanation because it's
hard to like talk in front of a lot of
people
and so it's like I'm probably not
explaining it the best way I could but
that's that's the gist of it is like um
you'll learn to cherish singing on your
cage like a canary you know valuing
creativity and writing and talking when
you're not able to do anything else you
know younger people figuring out their
trans like me I don't have many trans
figures around um nothing is
like nothing is like set in stone you
have so much like opportunity to just
like figure things out you know you can
say or something and then be like you
know actually maybe I'm more like this
or maybe I'm more like that that's
completely fine I think like the idea
behind queerness is you're supposed to
sort of it's not something that's really
openly taught about in a lot of places
and it's not something there's a ton of
resources comparatively and so the idea
is that um
that makes it even harder for anything
to be completely understood perfectly so
I think if you're discovering yourself
make sure you're discovering yourself
and not being like Oh I feel like this
I'm going to be this that's it no you
can say I'm going to be this or maybe
I'll do that or maybe I'll do this or
maybe I'll do that and it's like you
figure it out and kind of are building
pieces maybe you'll figure it out right
from the beginning and maybe you won't
but I think the idea is to just be
comfortable and just
like disc covering yourself and figuring
things out because nothing is set in
stone and people are so fluid like um I
think about this a lot like uh the
universe is going to get ripped apart
and [__] like and the universe doesn't
give a [__] about us and reality is such
a like meld perspective relative to our
to our
um reality is is so is so perspective
based you know everything you experience
is entirely through your brain and you
can't really prove anything outside of
your brain exists you can't even really
prove that your brain exists you have a
very a very good reasonable explanation
for everything around you but at the
same time nothing is really all that
solid given the fact that life is so
fluid and so like you know questionable
itself it's
like you're you're whatever you want to
be it's not a big deal as long as you
have pure intentions you know as long as
you're like as long as you're being
empathetic
as long as you're being empathetic and
of genuine intentions you do you be
whoever you want to be it's not a big
deal and I think when people I I think I
think when people lose sight of the fact
of how small we are and how little the
universe cares about us when people lose
when people lose s of that they start to
get really like emboldened by their own
ego so it's like you're you're whoever
you you're whoever you say you are it's
not a big deal and if people are going
to like you know get down on you for for
being one way or the other you know when
you have genuine intentions you're not
trying to hurt
anybody I don't know I think that says a
lot more about them than it says about
than about
you shit's hard you know
oh that's awesome you got the HRT
reveral I'm actually not on it
yet I've been
busy but congratulations
nonetheless what kind of approach would
you recommend for telling a Christian
parent because I know you went through
something similar um I don't have any
advice on that cuz I'm not on the best
standing here either so I'm still trying
to figure that
out um I don't
know I wish I I wish I had an answer for
that because I would have taken that
answer and I would have employed
myself I I I I would I would have taken
my own advice if I give it to
you man no for real like we're so small
humanity is so small the planet is so
small the universe is so huge people who
just want to take other people down for
one reason or another because
of who they say they are you know it's
like all
right you you be angry you be
angry let them be
angry they're do they're doing
themselves no
favors are you going to build any more
keyboards that's a really loading
question because the answer is very much
yes in the worst way
possible what was your reaction to the
silver Gunner rip I was just like this
is a lot of effort I know they put in
effort to their videos quite often but
that was just an obscene amount of
effort for some pony song right
I like some of the people in this chat
have better advice than I
do I am I am familiar with Carl say
again I
guess I think I think it should be
required by law for every person once
they reach like age 16 it's like
required that they look at the images
that Voyager 1 and two have taken so
they so they see how [__]
insignificant we are I think it's
required I think it should be
required that everyone sees the pictures
that voyagers one and two have
taken so they can internalize it at at a
mature
age you
know I do know Magpie and the lost
narrator very well
government mandated
Eco I mean honestly I wonder how much
better the world would be though right
and no it's not nihilism either nihilism
isn't a part of it I didn't write anonym
because I'm
nihilistic you look at things being so
insignificant you're like wow you can
really make meaning out of anything you
want you can make meaning in life
because you realize you're so small and
people who are just [__] and hate
everything and don't have anything on
you you see how insignificant everything
is and you don't feel small you see
everyone else being angry about nothing
and fighting over nothing and they're
the ones who are small and then you're
out here like wow we're so tiny in this
universe we could do whatever the [__]
we want and that's
meaning you can find tiny things in life
and be like this thing makes me happy
and I'm going to let it make me be
happy I feel like a lot of the times
you're like oh this thing makes me happy
how do
I make sure people don't think I'm weird
for it no you see that thing could be My
Little Pony could be a silver Gunner rip
and you see that thing and you make it
your whole whole personality cuz you
feel like it and that's your that's
meaning you make meaning out of
anything if what gets you up in the day
is being able to go see the Sun and see
the clouds if that's what gets you up in
the day then it's like that's the
meaning of
life and that's
awesome it's such a cool
thing because it's the world
everything's the world this this
keyboard is the world it makes me
happy the keyboard makes me happy I'll
get up in the I'll get up in the morning
so I could use this
keyboard you know
sea
Gunner oh am I not able to read things
I've been looking at their videos for
like six
years I have been saying it wrong the
whole time the sandwich you ate the
other day the meaning of life but that's
like it you get up you eat a good ass
sandwich you're like wow I like being
alive because that sandwich was hella
good and then when you do that you look
at every other thing you're like I like
the way wearing these pants make me feel
I like the way this juice tastes I like
hearing this person's voice I like
watching these YouTube videos it's like
there isn't there doesn't have to be
like a huge meaning of life it could
just be a whole bunch of like small
things that just like get you up in the
morning you're just like [__]
yeah I'm just going to get up in the
more like that's what it means to be
small in the
universe you could be tiny in the
universe and not be nistic at
all what do you think about cereal is
soup um humans invented language soup is
a product of language as a linguistic
term soup is whether you think it's soup
or not if you think cereal is soup then
it's soup if you don't think cereal is
soup then it's not soup because we
literally invented the word to describe
a comp of elements but the combination
of elements is so vague that yes cereal
can be a soup if you want it to be
because we invented language and we're
employing language to describe this
object you're you're making you you
people in the chat are making a good
point you can be soup you take the you
take the terms within soup you apply it
to yourself and like actually that could
potentially make sense
um language is fluid I I when I was
younger I used to like get all up on
people if they said something
grammatically incorrect or spelled
something Inc you know incorrectly or
used something the wrong way
linguistically and then when I got older
I'm like we literally created we
literally created
language why we don't have to argue
about if someone's saying something
incorrectly um cuz we invented language
and evolves all the time
and if you know what someone means then
the hell
know coffee bean soup no more coffee
coffee being soup because you're right
cuz it can't be soup that's that's how
language works but it's also the fact
that people all seem to agree on things
like everyone reasonably and I won't say
you do but I'm saying that most people
believe that cereal is not soup and
because everyone agrees on that I think
there's some cooperation going on
between people meaning the existence of
us agreeing that cereal is probably not
soup means that humans can probably get
along better than we think we can CU
we're all cooperating on this linguistic
thing that's so vague and yet we all
seem to agree on
it I think that says something about
being able to work with
people is oatmeal soup is oatmeal cereal
ask that question first then we'll get
to the The Soup
part soup is the answer to life that's
what I'm saying though and soup is
really good you sit down with the best
sleep ever you know you sit down with
the best sleep ever and you just have
that sleep and you're just like wow I
feel so warm inside why where his has
been all my
life you're being gross
no oh
Lord God
finally bubble te is on the
Move I'm just trying to read all these
like messages in chat and my brain
cannot take
them where is 42 coming
from I am so
confused light bulb
soup well I mean if you think about it
don't they call the origin of the
universe a primordial soup therefore
everything in the universe is part of
one big
soup and nothing can really
um nothing can really prove that to be
wrong cuz we don't actually know the
parameters of the universe isn't that
great hey stay away for me I need to
play
Megalania I have to play Megalania at
least once every
stream 42 but isn't that
a God damn it 42 isn't that isn't that
jockey Robinson as well you're you're
tanking you're tanking someone tell me
if I'm right or terribly
wrong there's a movie 42 yeah not the
baseball player but the movie of
course I'm sure you
did no Megalania is great
I'm dead but I got I got the plate I got
the tur plate yeah 42 is Jackie
Robinson what if you want to go to him
but then God said BR 21 what the dog
doing there Adam let me be clear
Hurricane Katrina more like hurricane
tortilla okay Boomer right
everyone I don't have a PO box but you
can send it to your local
Walmart I I'll just pick them up there
did not
ask I do
not you are literally
playing mealia
Harware I did see even
St what cat questionable Act of the K9
for I mean interestingly
enough for the undertale fans out there
I don't know how many times I've gone
over this on stream before but it never
gets old to
me wait not that one in particular but
[Music]
um but again for the undertale fans out
there
um where is
this where is it or for the Earthbound f
out there
even why was Earthbound
first so one of my favorite songs from
the undertale soundtrack is um dummy
Andor ghost fight but dummy and
um the main instrument in dummy is
actually sampled from The Little Rascals
soundtrack and they sampled this little
part
here which was originally used in the
moonside Cafe and I think it was was it
three was it three in or four side in
EarthBound someone let me know if you
know but
um and the way they used it in
EarthBound was it was sort of like
this this sort of like creepy ambient
thing but an undertale
that's where that's
from any fave song from the delter in
soundtrack I love it's a cyers world
[Music]
um and to be honest when they used it in
EarthBound the the way they used the
sample made perfect sense it was just
some you know uh parody of American
music right like old old tiny American
music and the way Toby Fox heard the
sound font was like yeah I'm just going
to play it really fast you know in an in
an words Cadence and I'm like the what
the hell like if you think about it who
who is thinking of using this sound in
this manner but Toby Fox I think it's
brilliant like no one else is like going
to play it the way he did I think that's
great I think that's really
great what do you think of the Minecraft
soundtrack and don't
don't don't say we can't include the new
Minecraft music is Elina rain
Lena rain's
amazing the Minecraft soundtrack and
this is not a joke this is me being
completely serious I think the Minecraft
soundtrack is
probably one of the top 200 albums in
the world
personally I think the Minecraft
soundtrack both on an objective level
and on a subjective level belongs in a
top 200 list if you take all the
Minecraft music together en um Minecraft
has has has paved the way for so much
music has inspired so many people employ
so many really really cool music theory
things and musical ideas all while
beinging the backing track to a Sandbox
video game it's really well done without
being too over without overstaying its
welcome but without being too
underwhelming it's literally
perfect the Minecraft soundtrack is
incredible yeah whatever the [__] that
means what else do we got here
um most of the Earthbound are most of
the undertale instruments come from
Earthbound um my favorite
being I don't actually know how to play
fallen down on piano but this is the
instrument used to play fallen
[Music]
down I do not know how to play fallen
down on piano
[Music]
I don't know how to play
it yeah but that's not enough apparent
how did you react when Lena rain made
public she got to work on delt turn I
was so proud of her I was I was so
goddamn proud of her you know how to
play cyber world no I tell I don't know
how to play any of that
unfortunately I can only do
[Music]
from the undertale
soundtrack cyber world sounds like a
[__] Porter Robinson song by the way
for my delter and friends out there I
don't have anywhere to put this or use
this right now
but it will not fit on my desk in in in
every in any state right now but this is
a the delun cyberworld mouse
pad I love having this I don't know what
to do with it I don't know how to use it
CU my desk does not have the real estate
for
this but and
also don't be fooled why
didn't why isn't he undertale tret
collector's edition my beloved
um um
our team is so good for the otherwise
uninitiated as
well um undertale delun is my favorite
are my favorite video games
ever chili Super
Duck just say it now chili Super Duck
chili Super
Duck what say
it I also just happen to have four
minutes away this huh away okay chili
Super Duck chili Super
Duck I think this is a mouse pad now we
can lose the game I think this is a
mouse pad let's
see no it's kind of get my food it's
kind of a mouse
pad this is for this is for um this is
for Celeste um you know what I just
realized this is not a mouse pad this is
a vinyl cover don't even listen to
me that's why there's a [__] Circle
in the middle don't listen to
me when you hik in yourself Poli here
IIT her I her no my favorite video games
are pretty much like undertale delter
Earthbound Super Mario Odyssey Celeste
[__] like that how you feel people
covering or remixing your songs oh
that's
great I love hearing them I don't really
like giving out stems too much it's like
a lot of effort to put that [__] look I
hit her but um see I could [__] kill
her right now she's scared of me I don't
know where she
went those lyrics really really threw me
off for a second um no I like when
people cover and remix my music I just
prefer if people just like You Know
Remix without
stems Dam it opinion on hyper light
Drifter I love hyper Drifter what I
would give for the box set right now
actually scared of me can't even what's
happening in the background that's my
roommate Bonnie is playing League of
Legends are you playing League still
yeah I'm I'm staying I'm staying so I
can kill Oriana but she ran away she
scared of me I'm sarap get the bubble
te yeah a minute it's minutes away
anyway Bonnie is playing League of
Legends I'm playing League of Legend
thoughts on one shot I haven't played it
papers please fun
game I love the
music nice gmmk Pro don't say that to me
this is the qy1 it's not the gmmk pro I
would never buy the gmmk pro I'd never
do that think I do need to play one shot
I do I used to play League of Legends
and then I haven't played League since
March of last
year because I'm smart
what I have played a little Skyrim it's
not for me I don't really like grinding
video games too much like nice Microsoft
keyboard
yeah
nice nice Microsoft
keyboard very very
nice hey you stay there do you want to
play another for last one I know cuz the
gmmk and the q1 are like just clones of
each other I don't even remember which
one I think I'm pretty sure the gmmk pro
came out first so q1 can't really take
it take you know take precedence over
that but it's here thank
[Music]
you I prefer an ergonomic
keyboard I can't type with an ergonomic
keyboard like the split I sometimes my
fingers go depending on the word
[Music]
somewhere I'm trying to think if there's
anything in particularly like underta
from the Earthbound
stuff
um so the guyus breath is actually the
barrier
[Music]
sound so that's
fun
um I'm just doing this things these
things by memory obviously there's more
than this
Gus is spoopy very much
[Music]
so I feel like this was
used I feel like this is one this was
used in undertale I just don't remember
where
[Music]
I feel like there's more I just don't
know where it is
[Music]
here we go this one was used in the um
amalgamate
[Music]
song have you ever considered made any
music on a Tracker so I've got some news
for you
H got to all sorry hold
on I'm going to open Supreme chief I
don't remember what project this
is I forgot this doesn't have a
speaker [__] I need to my cables are
behind my thing okay well you know what
I won't show you right now but yes um
I have been making music on a
Tracker you're not you're not going to
hear anything right now but I have been
using this um mostly
for I'm mostly testing this out with
some of the commissions I've been doing
as well as um fish whisper stuff
but I have been using
that I have to I use my iPad cable for
it now I have to put that back
in I don't really care about care care
much for Fallout or Fallout a quest C
but big respect if you
do I can't plug this in
[Music]
hi good
morning nice let turn
light also realized that this was only
my thing so you could actually see this
now cuz this was the UI for
that where are these sweet
potato there sweet potato
rice well there's
something I'm going to try
it they're like
sweet it taste
weird they taste
strange did you not eat the donut I gave
you also sugar
cheese it's
edible it just tastes
jelly that sounds
awful why have an actual [__] option
I'm going to
complain all of my money back you could
go you could go strain it e you could go
strain your bubble tea
yeah I bought I bought d i I bought
Bonnie a donut yesterday and they
haven't ate it yet I forgot to ate it
they forgot to ate
it it was a spider donut
I feel like this was also used in um the
amalgamate music
e e why don't you go strain it it's the
taste of tea what does the tea taste
like
what it he's fine to
me I want my money
back that's so gross
is it the tea or is it the [__]
inside Shing the tea
taste I'm going to start crying my night
is
ruined every time every damn time I get
so excited for my tea and then something
goes wrong and all my night's
ruined the balls are all wrong it's not
even balls they're like
squares that's
[Music]
right oh
no now that just feels wrong on a
technical level
[Music]
that's it right there that's the [__]
right
there no what did you say that's the
[__] right
there I'm
dumb who the [__] is screaming
do I even use massive X I would if it
would
open are you a fan of
this are you a fan of this [__] cuz I'm
not
Mass Effect was fun to use I I I just
wish I could use it you
know for anyone for anyone in chat if
you want to make music and you're
looking for a synthesizer just get
vital this synth right here oh please
open give it a second having a moment
don't make me force quit I'm gonna have
to force
quit why must you do this to
me I was about to do the the vital coign
and then it it rips me
off give it one more second
why are VST so temperamental I don't
know also why isn't this
opening please don't make me open FL
Studio Ableton don't make me do
that cuz I will
[Music]
okay
anyway vital please open so I can
recommend you to
everyone so this is vital this is a
synthesizer it's a wave table
synthesizer and it's 100%
free and now a lot of times when people
hear free they're like ah but there's
got to be a catch it's got to be like
bad or something no I I I've been using
vital in every single song ever since I
got it in November of last year I have
used vital in pretty much every single
song that needs a
synthesizer is so bad I'm so pissed it's
one of the best so
upset digital synthesizers you can get
but it's free
like it's so
good some of these wave tables I
imported don't pay attention to those
[Music]
don't cycle
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a free [__] syn and I've only
done something simple
it's a wave table synthesizer that
doesn't have the issue of sounding like
a wave table synthesizer because a lot
of wave table sents including serum have
this really big problem with the way
waveforms are cycled and the way
waveforms are processed um a pure sine
wave in vital is going to sound like a
pure sine wave instead of where in serum
if you have a pure sine wave it's going
to have extra harmonics for no
particular reason um vital is $189 is
less than serum and is like at least
twice as good and also takes up less CPU
than Serum at least for
[Music]
me anything you can do in serum you can
do in vinyl the only thing that I
haven't found that you can do in vital
that you can in Serum is the whole image
to wave table thing that serum can do
but you can go online and there is a
resource somewhere I forgot where it's
called but you can turn and uh an image
into a wave table audio file and then
bring that into vital and there you go
[Music]
otherwise how much does this cost uh
$0 vital is free look you
go go to vital. audio
go to get vital and you can get the free
version right
here and the difference between the paid
versions and the free versions are
pretty much like in terms of making
music doesn't matter the changes are
pretty much
negligible so you know
[Music]
is
and if you want to make dub step you can
do that too
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
he a
oh
[Music]
he
so you could do dub step on it here this
isn't even all that good of a patch but
you can make a good
patch this is just really
quick but yes I am showing off vital
because it's a free synth so if you want
to make music I'm telling you right
now it's
free get it for free
[Music]
the
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah anyway that's my my point is uh
give Idol very s very good very nice
very cool
yeah
okay
um I'm getting tired so I'm going
to do the do the thing that I
do play for I already have account wait
a minute don't make me log in I
will now that doesn't seem to be the
right password but it is I'll fight
you okay one second
come on now do what I
want there we go did they change the UI
I suppose they
did I want the Original Classic
experience I just want my diverse
world that's all I
want there we go see that's all we're
doing going to do this for a little bit
and then I'm going to go off but this is
my first stream in how long again I
think it's think that's great oh they've
really changed the UI haven't
they you can see what direction you're
looking at now instead of having to
guess the compass is gone it's only this
Compass now no needle
Compass anyway for the uninitiated this
is geogas here go random place on Google
Maps and figure out where you
are that's the
premise usually I just end up yelling at
random places around the world
neighborhood watch and effect I'm going
to assume that this is the United States
of
America or Canada but that's
just the United States number
two don't quote me on that by the
way storm ready
Community what kind of storm oh okay
we're on the coast somewhere or perhaps
I would say near near a lake but if
we're getting storms here architecture
might check out I'm saying this is
somewhere like East Coast New Jersey
maybe
hell there's something very elimin about
this place
yeah I feel like this is I genuinely
feel like this is New
Jersey but I could be wrong oh okay
Fort
Fairfield what the
hell what's an IGA looks like
Maryland I don't know where for
Fairfield
is but I would
guess we're looking at
I'm just going to look around here
really
quickly
Fairfield there's a Fairfield
here you know what [__] it I'm putting
it there
that's the wrong
World okay I said it was either United
States or Canada it's right on the
border oh well it was the East Coast it
was just a little bit a little bit more
away from
hell are you allowed to help I mean yeah
a little bit don't give answers though
something Mediterranean that's
guaranteed okay well I shouldn't I
shouldn't say guaranteed
but but that's
Greek so when I say guaranteed I mean
it's
guaranteed I don't know much about the
geography of Greece but that looks
like it's
like honestly I I could see it being
like over here I could see it being like
over here
like yeah let's just do
that yeah oh it's pretty much the same
giant
Peninsula it's pretty much the same
Peninsula not really because that's the
actual Peninsula but it's okay
I'm
real
Canada or Finland it's either Canada or
Finland take it or leave
it I'm going to get absolutely nowhere
with this one
please this is going to be the worst one
if it's not going to give me
anything oh that is
really lovely that's that has
cilic I feel
like I would not be surprised if this
was Ukraine
something tells me it's Ukraine and not
Russia too I don't know what it is
though must must be the Amazon because
it's literally just trees yeah the
Amazon is the only place in the world
with
trees you can set checkpoints now what
the
hell you can set a checkpoint now what
have they done to this
game imagine seeing a tree that's what
I'm saying um I might just make a a shot
in the dark guess here cuz I'm not
getting anywhere and I hate taking some
along with these
ones all right we're done here I'm just
going right
there why is
Russia okay my Ukraine senses were
tingling for all the wrong reasons
oh
okay I'm saying Chile right off the
bat it's
Mexico Mexico is so big that well so
chil but Mexico is so big I don't know
where this could be
best thing I can go off of here is
that this is very
flat maybe Central is Mexico
oh I feel like that should say something
someone's going to
know something I don't know much
about where the hell this could be
I don't
know I don't know where this is in
Mexico if I were to guess I would say
it's like right
here
but that's going off the worst kind of
guess I can make and then a
speculation California well see okay but
I saw a sign that said MX so I'm pretty
sure this is
Mexico unless was really really really
close I feel like it's in Mexico not in
California but maybe I'm wrong some
random place in Brazil we know it's
Mexico central Mexico yeah that's what I
was thinking I'm just going
to I'm just going to stick with my
original guess and
just the
[__] oh
well but definitely wasn't California
I'm not that
right
what God is closer than you
think um can you give me time to think
about it
this is
Europe I think maybe
not no not Europe what the
hell what the [__] where is
this God is not in
Europe it's a place called Kama I know
that
much this looks like New
Zealand is giving me those Dutch
Vibes Kiama sounds like a like a kiwi
name
too I think this is New
Zealand and if it is it's in a place
called Kama that's for
sure Albert's Lodge I don't want to go
to Albert's
Lodge God Kama Village God has stopped
showing up in New
Zealand I don't think it's Australia
because of the amount of like
consistently Dutch
like
architecture bright and
straet maybe this
isn't this could be [__] Tasmania for
all I
know okay give me a second here
this climate is like somewhat
temperate you've been T
Kama well that makes this worse cuz
[__] Australia is huge
I don't know where the [__] it would be
is
it do people live in Tasmania um
unfortunately I mean yes they do
New South
Wales anyone want to go to
Eden anyone want to go to Eden
I don't know where the [__] Kama
is okay I'm just going to eaten then
congratulations don't say that to
me there's Kiama very
tiny [__] puny okay most of these
were good the mexic the Russia one not
not quite as good the Mexico the Mexico
and Russia one's not quite as
good I that said Nightcore
help where the [__] is this I don't want
to go here
I don't think this is
Australia yeah I'm in
hell okay then guess hell idiot um I'm
going to throw something at you okay
possibly something heavy and damaging to
your body
please
look I have to make me feel
better grab
one it's painkillers I want
one for the pain of
course I want to live here right
now right there I want to live in the
crazy bus
place looks like Kazakhstan it's not
Kazakhstan that's a
promise wait actually I went here
actually yeah I'm I'm
sure I'm sure you've been
here I want to go to Crazy bus
place I think we're in South America
again I think we're in
Argentina wait a minute this can't be
Argentina there's a
tree sorry
this is the bus place this is where you
get bus
accessories imagine missing the bus here
yeah Bob Russ imagine
that Argentina does not drive on the
left side of the road
I have forgotten
this
wait let me see your
words oh this is this is not South
America at
all no this is not this is not South
all Florida probably it's in it's in
South Africa not the country but the
region of being in the subsaharan
Africa
oh I think this is Kenya and if I don't
see any more signs soon I'm just going
to drop down in
Kenya it's not
Indonesian it's not Indonesian
whoever said
Florida Florence Christian Academy I
think this is I don't know
anymore help help me
please can I see a big sign of the
country's name please oh sex can
wait I don't know if you knew that but
it can
Our Lady of
Sorrows
yeah I'm about to be a Lady of Sorrow if
I can't [__] find a sign that says
something
helpful it's not
Australia last time you were in Kenya
geog guesser your game crashed it did
which is why why I don't even care
anymore I'm going to Ken I'm going to
Kenya right now cuz it owes this to
me
what esini or whatever I win I win baby
I win Mac verish
Road hold on a second guys I gotta I
gotta take a
please
how much you want to bet this is Canada
and not
Scotland actually this is America and
probably Alabama
please bring me to bring me to bring me
to I want to go not
here where's my home oh the world is my
home please I would do anything for a
sign from the
Lord please
Alabama needs your
help
oh Burns Road
Morel wherever this is I'm so sorry for
all of you Green Meadows Settlement Road
this I feel scared there is a horror
movie that's taking place in this
location right now
don't tell the roads
that this is Northern
Minnesota you know what I'm gonna take
I'm gonna take
it I'm gonna take it I'm going to
believe you I'm going to put all my
trust in you I'm going to cry
I'm G to cry right
[Laughter]
now
awesome we're getting nothing
but we're getting nothing
oh
help
help why does it look like they're
turning onto the road like they're
chasing whatever car we're driving in
right
now
um oh we can go in there yay
oh Elf oh the best way to Spread spread
Christmas cheer is singing loud for all
to hear however no one will hear you out
here no one will hear you scream so
you're in danger singing loud so your
pursuer can catch
you very funny best way to spread
Christmas tree ising loud for all to
hear yeah yeah
yes must be Kansas 2o with a SE No Doubt
we're in
Europe look at that
guy why is this gas station so hostile
that's what I'm
saying we are in Europe we this is we
are in Europe right now this is probably
like France but sad
Edition someone said Spain that that
would definitely
track imagine if coordinates were
real this is so flat can I go home
can I go back to my bus place in
eswatini this is
terrifying I want to go back to my bus
stop I liked it
there okay just gonna go Spain I don't
even care G to go right
there okay
I'm not even going to
try I'm not even going to try
hello I didn't even know about SW I had
the street view
yet okay
what oh oh everyone start cheering
because we're in Poland everyone start
cheering cheing yeah yippe we're in yipp
everyone get thrilled for being in
Poland so
happy everyone just gets so excited
because here we are we're in the wrong
part of Poland
yippee
woo the moment you see polish it's just
like oh that's the words that we just
read somehow worse than the previous
game
all right we can do this oh I'm
scared okay these these trees are really
freaking me out I don't actually know
where we are do you have a license plate
oh you're
gone that's weird how do you do
that where did you come
from what the [__]
they're only there for one moment and
then they're gone you can't find them
anywhere this is so
freaky I don't like this this is a ghost
this is a ghost
van this is
Australia yeah only in Australia do you
have the disappearing van
incident yeah do you go to smelly Road
Road ro road
oh my God this is the happiest looking
basketball court I've ever seen shepher
Street next what do you think next we're
going to get soap Street good
gracious stop it smelly
Street the
hell this is such an angry part of Earth
um fire danger
season is it Fire season danger d danger
Fire season or fire danger
season you know what I am starting to
believe this is
Australia historical marker thank you I
appreciate it at least with the meters
we can confirm that this is not the
United States congratulations or the
other two countries that use metric I
mean Imperial same thing not same thing
by the way
this is definitely Australia I think
this is
Australia I'm just sorry that it
is I'm sorry to all the Australians in
chat not because of what I'm saying but
but but because of
Australia I am
sorry there's a saale here
Au that confirms
that I'm just making a guess now
I think it's just right here I think
it's right there I just really
feel one second guys
what are you are you saying you're not a
fan of Peggy buckton Road come on get
real get
real t uh Taiwan I think this is Taiwan
I just feel like it's Taiwan right now
this is too jungly to be Taiwan don't
listen to
me wow these are pretty
colors I love being accompanied by
pretty colors on my way to
hell oh you can look at it
see actually I think this is I actually
I take it back I think this is
Taiwan if that's Taiwan someone in chat
owes me a dozen
eggs chicken eggs to be
exact I actually think this is Taiwan
that's [__] up cuz I'm
right I'm so right this is Taiwan I'm
telling you right now this is Taiwan
it's Taiwan I don't
care I don't even
care it's like right there look how good
I am at video games
it's Taiwan I knew
it someone owes me some
eggs you got to know Tai on when you see
it
okay now I'm sad now the place that I'm
in makes me sad
wait wait we're in Finland I think we're
in Finland
everyone well that still makes me
[Laughter]
sad no give me I want the sign there's
no sign I think this is
Finland somebody stopped me
please give me a sign
please not just from here right or is he
Swedish I'm pretty sure Notch is Swedish
is it worse to be in Sweden or in
Finland you tell me
okay something FS off here because
that's bilingual
signage so either we're close to like
touristy parts of Finland or we're not
in Finland at
all we're definitely in northern Europe
I don't think there's any doubt about
that
um does that look finish to you okay
something's weird something's weird
about this
one do I just drop down in Finland and
hope for the best or do we investigate
this further because I don't actually
quite understand what's going on here
the signs are
bilingual you know it could be it could
be Estonia it could be Eastern
Estonia where
um where it's uh close to
Latvia perhaps somewhere in this area
right
here cuz now that I think about it this
does look like Estonia
that would make sense why it's being
bilingual it could be Finland but I
can't think of any place in Finland
aside from near
hinki where there would be bilingual
signs I don't know
everywhere could be Finland if you want
it to be but if it's the border of
Finland would it be the border with
Sweden ah I don't
know I'd really like to find that just
find a find a sign that just screams f
to
me cuz a lot of these are still somewhat
ambiguous to my brain with my limit and
understanding of these
languages it's very pretty though
it's definitely not the Ukraine there's
no
cilic Ukraine also doesn't have a lot of
um a lot of places that look like
this okay I'm going to just go
I'm going to go right
here whoa it was really
North really North Finland really really
North
Finland but it was Finland nonetheless
okay
nice H more Europe
exciting maybe not Europe
those those license plates do not look
European Jameson's
Road what's going on here
any news on when no matter where comes
to Spotify I uploaded it to uh
distribution really late so I have no
idea probably by tomorrow
hopefully w
ah I want one I want one of these I
could really use it
for oh there's even another
one for
me to
have
help help
this is not helpful this world is not
helpful Lon 6 kilometers not the United
States but not European
either that limits us to only a few
places in the world but those places are
very far apart but ah now you say
I don't think I would see this in
somewhere like
Canada who are
you who are you
people but maybe it is Canada I don't
know where the hell is
this you feel like it's New
Zealand does New Zealand have like this
much space for
agriculture that's so strange because it
really
doesn't look like any place that makes
me think of
that but
everyone's probably right so it's
probably like over
here thanks for
nothing shout
out yeah North Island my ass
this see this is Australia no it's not
oh Grady's
road I don't like this give me
out unless they have a bus stop then I'm
all
in oh I I I don't know how to deal with
that help
this is not North
America this is anywhere
but Australia
again oh oh
oops where is my there you are come back
here okay
I'm going to hell for this
goodbye
okay okay I'm done streaming for now
thank you everyone for coming
thank you for yelling
at locations with
me eventually I need to do it so I
actually make music on stream for
once I just keep not feeling up to it I
do have
this perhaps
not okay
good night everyone thank you for for
yeah join me next week join me next time
for when we just throw things at each
other bye